welcome back guys today we're going to
look at 2014 american romantic horror
film called spring
at the beginning of the film evan is
seen staring at a sick mother while
she's sleeping she awakens and greets
evan they talk for a while holding hands
and just a moment later the woman dies
next we're showing a grieving evan
sitting at a bar after he's just
attended his mother's funeral it's
revealed that he's working at the same
bar but due to the tragic event he had
to face his friend is covering his shift
while evan is chatting with his friend
tommy a woman is seen angrily yelling
and kicking a machine at the bar evan
excuses himself to go to the restroom as
he gets up to leave he accidentally
bumps into a short-tempered girl's
boyfriend who turns out to be just as
short-tempered he starts getting rude to
evan as a result tommy throws an insult
at him and tells him to leave evan alone
the guy grabs a wine bottle to hit tommy
but not wanting to see the last person
dear to him hurt evan attacks the man
and beats him up badly tommy intervenes
and pulls evan outside
the bartender informs evan that because
of his earlier fight the owner has fired
him he tells him that the guy was hurt
so badly the cops had to come later
while evan and tommy are sitting outside
evan's house the guy drives by evan's
house and threatens him evan remarks
that the guy will probably press charges
against him and come with more men to
beat him up later tommy tells him just
to make sure his doors are locked and
leaves
the next morning the cops knock at
evan's door realizing this place is
nothing but trouble for him evan takes
the earliest flight out of california to
italy he reaches italy and starts
wandering around aimlessly
one night he meets two tourists at a
club who immediately befriend him evan
thus starts hanging out with these boys
while walking with them one day he
catches a woman looking at him
he later sees the same girl while he's
sitting at a cafe he approaches her near
the counter and attempts to make small
talk but the girl turns out to be very
straightforward and asks him to leave
with her evan invites her to drink with
his friends but she says she just wants
to go with him
evan gets suspicious and turns her down
however he tells her he'd love to take
her out the woman tells him she doesn't
date and leaves
the tourists soon leave before leaving
they ask evan to accompany them but due
to the shortage of money he turns them
down evan then starts hunting for jobs a
poster leads him to an elderly farmer
called angelo who's been looking for
someone to help him on his farm and
jello gives evan food and a place to
stay while sitting for a meal evan finds
a picture of a woman in the house and
asks angelo if she's his wife angelo
confirms this and reveals that she died
in a car accident
the men make a toast to women and drink
while he's wandering the streets evan
sees the woman from earlier again and
runs to catch up with her the two talk
for a bit and the girl introduces
herself as louise evan follows her into
a museum and they both start looking at
the paintings in there louise reveals
that she's a scientist she then points
to a painting depicting a dual eye color
woman and asks evan what she thinks of
her evan tells her she looks attractive
to which seemingly makes louise happy
while they're sitting outside later
disgusting places louise tells evan that
she went to mexico with an ex when evan
asks more about her ex louise tells him
he was awful but she went out with him
because he wrote her romantic letters
and was fun to drink with evan again
tries his luck and asks if she wants to
drink wine with him louise gives him a
pen and paper and tells him to write her
a letter first evan writes for her which
makes her smile and she agrees to drink
with him they talk for a while while
drinking then louise takes evan away to
enjoy the sea after some more
conversation and fun time spent together
the two end up in bed evan pulls out a
condom but louise grabs it and tosses it
away while they sleep at each other's
embrace luisa's face suddenly changes
and veins are seeing pulsating in her
cheeks she then transforms into a skinny
inhuman creature and weakly walks down
the street she sees a cat walking ahead
and viciously grabs it
the next day evan awakens to find her
missing and gets disappointed as evan
works at the farm louise is shown her
place hiding a different colored eye
with a lens she notices her skin
bubbling up and panics she immediately
injects herself with a liquid and her
skin heals
evan again runs into her later that day
he tries to talk but she tells him she
doesn't remember him confused and hurt
evan looks away but louise bursts into
laughter and reveals it was a joke the
two start hanging out again evan stops
at a tobacco shop and asks louise if she
smokes she tells him she does
occasionally evan reveals he's a regular
smoker to which luis says he shouldn't
do that evan tells her he'll quit
smoking if she goes on another date with
him but louise says he shouldn't quit
for her
louise later takes evan to her house and
starts preparing something to eat evan
notices her rabbits and asks about them
luis says she rescued them from her lab
and is now looking for a new home for
them while looking through louise phones
to play some music evan finds a number
of songs in numerous different languages
impressed he asked louise if she speaks
any of them louise reveals that she
indeed knows a number of languages
including some dead ones like greek and
latin she then joins evan on the couch
but upon noticing her thigh bubbling up
she immediately rushes to the bathroom
evan wanders around her house observing
the pictures on her wall depicting a
reptilian evolution as louise is shown
mutating into a reptilian creature in
her bathroom she gives herself the
injection and finally heals returning to
her normal human self she then returns
to evan just as he's putting soup in the
bowls for them the next morning evan
wakes up and tells louise he has to
leave for work while using her bathroom
he sees her use syringe on the floor and
gets suspicious evan returns to the farm
and works on it with angelo while taking
a break to smoke evan finds a brutally
killed sheep in the grass when he meets
up with louise next evan asks her about
the syringe louise tells him she doesn't
do drugs she has a medical condition
that comes and goes evan then takes out
his phone and remarks that he hasn't
used it in forever but he wants to take
a picture with her louise remarks he
must have used it to call his family but
evan gives no response luis then asks
him about his family evan simply tells
her they're great and calls a waiter
over to take a picture of them however
luis's face appears distorted in the
photo evan brushes it off saying she
must have moved louise again urges evan
to tell her about his family when evan
hesitates she gets mad and walks away
evan follows louise to a lake and
apologizes to her but remarks that she's
overreacting luis says it's strange that
they're sleeping and eating together but
evan can't even tell her about his
family evan finally opens up to her and
tells her that his father died of a
heart attack and his mother was
diagnosed with cancer soon after he
further reveals that she only died a
weeks ago louise pulls his head into her
lab and comforts him and then lays there
with his head on her lap for a while and
then gets back up and asks louise to
tell him a secret of hers
louise takes off her island and reveals
that she has heterochromia evan tells
her she has beautiful eyes and that she
shouldn't wear limbs to hide it the next
day while louise is taking a saliva
sample from a man the man remarks
something stinks in there and leaves
louise sniffs herself and notices her
rotting skin she looks for her syringe
but to her dismay she realizes she's out
she goes into a hidden cave with her
bunnies and prepares for a ritual as she
again transforms into an inhumanely
skinny creature she kills her rabbit and
starts riding on the wall with its blood
her condition still doesn't improve
after completing the ritual which
disappoints her greatly she breaks down
and slumps against a wall a moment later
she grabs the dead rabbit and starts
eating its flesh like a demon
evan stops by louise's house to find her
sick she tells him she had a long bad
day and doesn't want to go out evan
tells her that's not a problem saying
they can stay in and watch movies he
then gives her a pillow and a blanket
and goes to bring her something to eat
the next day evan gets free from work
early and goes to a bookstore he sees a
book depicting a dual eye-colored woman
on the cover recalling louise's
fascination with such ancient things he
decides to buy it for her as he walks
out another old picture is seen on the
wall of a dual-eyed colored woman luis
runs into him while walking home from
work evan gives her the book which seems
to please louise she asks him to sign it
for her after he's done she tells him
she wants to take him to a secret place
the two get into a boat and go to a
hidden cave where the water seems to be
glowing louise reveals that the glow is
caused by the refraction of the sunlight
by the water she further tells him that
no one knows of the cave some statues
exhibited in the museum were found in
this cave while they're sitting at a
cafe later luis notices her skin
condition worsening again she tells evan
she has to work early the next day and
leaves in a haste while she's weakly
walking down the deserted street a guy
sees her and starts following her he
offers her money to sleep with him but
when she doesn't respond in any way he
considers her silence as green lights
and inches closer to her he lifts her
dress but to his horror he sees scales
forming on her legs louise who has now
transformed into a scaly reptilian
creature turns to him and kills him the
next morning his corpse is found on the
rocks by the ocean when evan goes to
visit louise the next day she tells him
this isn't a good time and doesn't get
out of the way to let him in however
when she sees cops nearby she lets him
in knowing he could get in trouble for
being an illegal immigrant
once he's inside louise tells him that
their relationship has been progressing
too fast and she needs to focus on some
things without being in a relationship
that's why they can't see each other
anymore evan tries to convince her to
sort out the problem but she doesn't
explain and insists he leaves at the
door evan tells her that he's fallen in
love with her and she shouldn't throw
her relationship away but louise opens
the door urging him to leave heartbroken
and confused evan walks away the next
day evan thanks angelo and tells him he
had fun at his farm the two share a
brief exchange but as soon as the
immigration police arrive evan flees
having nowhere else to go evan ends up
at luis's door he sees blood inside
through the door and hastily breaks it
open to see a tentacled monster in
louise's dress trying to reach for a
syringe evan looks at it in disbelief
but then gathers up his courage and
injects the fluid from the syringe into
the monster the monster turns back into
louise and asks evan if he can turn on
the shower later evan asks her to
explain what just happened when louise
hesitates he gets enraged and walks out
louise follows him out and starts
explaining she reveals that she's a 2
000 year old mutant all of the pictures
of women with dual eye color including
the one on the cover of the book are of
her every 20 years in spring she gets
herself pregnant and then her body uses
cells in the embryo she carries to
recreate her while she changes into
different creatures during the process
she didn't use a condom during
intercourse with evan in order to
purposely get impregnated thinking it's
a lot to take in evan asks her to give
him a moment and attempts to call tommy
tommy however is wasted as usual and not
able to have a conversation after
hanging up he sees angelo standing a few
feet ahead crying holding his wife's
picture in hand realizing he'll also be
losing the love of his life evan goes
back to louise and tells her he wants to
know more luis then explains to him that
seven days from getting pregnant her
body transforms 24 days are left she
says until that transformation she also
tells him that if she falls in love the
love hormones will keep the embryo cells
from consumption and louise will be left
as normal mortal woman evan asks if
she's in love with him to which she
replies she isn't and also she would not
give up her immortality for anyone evan
tells her to spend her last 24 hours
with him but she tells him she can't
since her transformations are
uncontrollable and she could end up
hurting him evan however keeps on
insisting thus the two spend their last
hours together the two go to museums
where louise tells evan about all the
ancient things she's seen live she then
takes evan to the ruins of pompeii where
she was born and raised and tells him of
family history the time soon comes and
evan makes one last attempt begging
louise not to change to which she
replies she can't control it her body
does louise insists that he leaves since
she could end up hurting him during the
transformations but evan refuses to
leave her side luis lies down with her
head on evan's lap and asks him to tell
her more about the mortals
evan tells her about the experience of
being mortal and all the positive
aspects to it while cracking and popping
sounds are heard indicating that she's
changing the sun rises and evan looks
down at louise to see her still in her
current human form this indicates she
fell in love with him as well and now
she's a normal mortal woman who could
spend the rest of her days with him
happily with this the movie ends
thanks for watching guys